hello everyone captain cynic here amor
the allure of the seas on what we know
as the ship of entertainment and what
best way to celebrate in determine board
that is with a wonderful broadway
production Chicago we had the opening
night I need the energy the experience
was just incredible and I'm sure that
we're guests are going to enjoy this
this unique show that we have on board
the ship so here's a little bit forward
Chicago production and warden offices
I'm speechless it was absolutely
fantastic it was absolutely fantastic it
was everything we hoped it would be and
more it was magic opening night I mean
it was absolutely fantastic I can't
believe that I've opened Chicago the
Broadway musical as Velma Kelly I mean
it's absolutely fantastic and it's a
wonderful feeling you know we have
Broadway at sea now and we have a great
collaboration with our Broadway partners
we knew this day would come and it would
be an unbelievable performance day
ladies and gentlemen miss sunshine I
don't really even think I can describe
how proud I am I think everybody did so
well and we kind of all came together
and just work so hard and just think we
did a great job I think it's the best
thing we've ever done at Royal crimina
this is a big deal chicago the musical
an amazing cast very very talented
actors and actresses incredibly proud
hit very happy for all the cast's and
all the people that have
and put this together it's really a
thrill to be part of it I wrote to the
producers in New York today and said
history is being made tonight Chicago is
going to open at eight forty-five on the
Seas and so they set a note back to
everybody to wish him well so it is
historic night for us
you